Bump spire Helm Chart version from 0.15.0 to 0.15.1 (#94)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: charts/spire/README.md

### 0.14.X

> If coming from a chart version before 0.15.1, you must relabel your crds to switch to using the new spire-crds chart. To migrate to the spire-crds chart

Reviewer: Should still be 0.14.0
```suggestion
If coming from a chart version before 0.14.0, you must relabel your crds to switch to using the new spire-crds chart. To migrate to the spire-crds chart
```
